in this electronics review I'm going to
cover all the important stuff you would
want to know about this new set which
are made for 2013 by Clarion the model
is a CMG 1622 R these are sold as a six
and a half inch set of marine coaxial
speakers but quick to note that the hole
cutout size is more like a six and
three-quarters so if you are doing an
upgrade and replacing some existing
speakers on your existing boat and your
old application just know this in
advance that the specifications on these
for the height the depth and the hole
cutout diameter I want to share with you
because that might save some of you
people five minutes of your time
watching this entire video just to find
out that information the grille height
which is of no significance but it's
0.94 inches basically an inch the
mounting depth is two point three two
inches and then the muck the mounting
hole the actual hole cutout diameter for
the back of the speaker to actually get
it in there is going to be 5 and 3/4
exactly so exactly 5 and 3/4 inches is
what you need to mount the speaker
correctly in your boat so everything
will line up and be fine so like I said
these are new for 2013 I believe that
they came out just a little bit late
later than Clarion might have hoped to
some of the 2013 Clarion marine stuff
isn't even out yet don't know why but
here they are with the grilles on them
not too bad-looking
I'll tell you they got a big leg up
because I definitely think these things
will blow away a set of Kenwood Alpine
by far a set of pioneers which are just
ugly these are very nice and these have
a very nice upgradable feature with the
grill you can actually replay replace
these grills and get the ones with a
nice subtle light blue lighting accents
on the grilles which are not very
expensive very attractive I could
definitely see a lot of people wanting
that and it did some upgrades on the
materials and some of the other
you know construction upgrades from
their prior models which I will go over
with you right now so like I said they
are sold as a six and a half inch set
but as I already covered that be careful
with the whole cut out five and
three-quarters
these are mica injection polypropylene
cones which is pretty standard in in the
in the industry nothing exciting you can
see when I even use one finger that the
whole cone doesn't flex which is very
good for rigidity however there is a
passive crossover right here on the
tweeter which is not uncommon for a set
of flooring speakers however the tweeter
which is a dome type of tweeter which is
good so it will give you a very good
dispersion angle is not angle Bowl you
cannot pivot the tweeter in any way and
I think that might be a good thing
because I can see you know salt water
and yuck eveness bugs and no other kind
of crap that you get on the water will
definitely find their way and make a
home in there the tweeter is a one in a
quarter inch size Pei cone tweeter type
not top-of-the-line
but probably doesn't need to be
especially for a set of coaxial speakers
you know around or under the hundred
dollar price range
these will handle forty watts RMS I
won't waste your time with peak readings
because I never do because it's all
but 40 Watts on the water you
know it's not going to break your
eardrums or anything like that
especially if you're moving you know 30
miles an hour or better but for an
inside or for a moderate sound system
without the use of an amplifier or a
smaller amplifier these would definitely
do the job and do it and no glass
because I liked what the way that built
all the stuff that they're made out of
very good basket grilles
everything built to last so keep that in
mind they're actually not junky in that
respect rubber mounting gasket is
included speaker grilles of course are
included stainless steel mounting
hardware which is nothing exciting just
the screws I don't have the exact
technical specifications on the quality
of the stainless but they're just screws
and you got these speed taps so if you
don't have gel coat and you have
anything to grab into you could use
to pull the speaker in from behind with
the provided hardware so that's also a
very good thing moving on I mean you
might want to consider possibly using
the speaker baffle in the back if you
don't use a sub in your system that
might help Dynamat also would definitely
improve the sound of the speaker's
notice that in the box I didn't I mean
this is actually what's in the box just
minus one speaker that there is no
abundance of hardware
there's no terminals wires cables and
abundance of installation hardware
whatsoever it's real meat potatoes aside
from that these are the 40 watts now
another change is the impedance on these
speakers the speed in Sonny's speakers
are three ohms so what does that mean
say your old speakers say if you had one
of some old pioneer speakers there's
some no-name C ray whatever speakers
chances are they're gonna be for rooms
now the rule of thumb with electrical
induction and just power you know
reference stuff in Kirchhoff's voltage
law keys whatever you want to call it is
the lower the impedance the higher the
output so these speakers will actually
play more louder and work any amplifier
connected to them harder as if you are
using a forum speaker so if you have
less resistance you can have less
wattage output these since they are 3-3
ohms as opposed to four will play more
louder so you will get a performance
boost if you're just doing a replacement
if you're putting them in new you'll
never know the difference however that
is very beneficial especially if you're
using an external amplifier to get more
power out of your system I like that so
that's cool Clarendon a pretty nice job
aside from that there's not a whole lot
to say we have these things in stock so
if you're interested in getting some of
these or the component speakers there
step up stuff amps head units whatever
we have it all so there you have the
clarion it's the CMG 16 22 are